[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2003 cult film the room the
same film that is the main topic of
James Franco's film the disaster artist
so let's get started
the film follows Johnny and his future
wife Lisa in their apartment lisa has
fallen out of love with Johnny and wants
to leave him and makes false claims that
Johnny is hitting her Lisa is also
having an affair with Johnny's best
friend mark when Johnny confronts Lisa
about the affair she leaves him and
Johnny has a mental breakdown and kills
himself mark blames Lisa for Johnny's
death and they wait with another friend
until the police arrive so that was the
spoilers for the room if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts in the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching